content/career/details/paypal.md, before:

---
company: "PayPal"
roles: 
  - title: "Sr Software Engineer"
    startDate: "2023-03"
    endDate: "2024-10"
  - title: "Software Engineer 2 (Checkout Org)"
    startDate: "2022-07"
    endDate: "2023-03"
  - title: "Software Engineer 2 (Credit and Collections Org)"
    startDate: "2021-05"
    endDate: "2022-07"
location: "Bengaluru, Karnataka, India"
type: "Full-time"
---

## Role Overview
Progressive growth through multiple roles at PayPal, focusing on billing, subscription products, and credit collection systems.

## Technologies
- NodeJS
- React
- Next
- Spring
- Angular

## New things I learnt during this time
- A/B testing: Everything we did was behind a feature flag. I learnt a lot about how A/B testing is done. How data is collected from intial ramps. Did lots of debugging for multiple projects based on this data. Also got to see very interesting insights on what all goes when we try to launch any change to checkout pages which takes in so much traffic and are so important.
- Team Management: Led FE team for multiple feature building
- Incident Management
- Production Monitoring
- Microservice Architecture
- Java/Spring
- Design Systems
- Presentation/Demo skills: Gave multiple demos in meetings sometime reching over 50 participants

## Career Highlights
- Independently found and fixed a major performance issue which reduced tha fcp time of the RYP page in billing checkout by 600ms. I got to present this to the SVP of merchant org in a leadership meeting.
- Led a team of 5 engineers to integrate a new custom built framework to track user interactions in billing and subscription products
-

Commit message:

update info on career page and fix some small issues

content/career/details/paypal.md, after:

---
company: "PayPal"
roles: 
  - title: "Sr Software Engineer"
    startDate: "2023-03"
    endDate: "2024-10"
  - title: "Software Engineer 2 (Checkout Org)"
    startDate: "2022-07"
    endDate: "2023-03"
  - title: "Software Engineer 2 (Credit and Collections Org)"
    startDate: "2021-05"
    endDate: "2022-07"
location: "Bengaluru, Karnataka, India"
type: "Full-time"
---

## Role Overview
Progressive growth through multiple roles at PayPal, focusing on billing, subscription products, and credit collection systems.

## Technologies
- NodeJS
- React
- Next
- Spring
- Angular

## New things I learnt during this time
- A/B testing: Everything we did was behind a feature flag. I learnt a lot about how A/B testing is done. How data is collected from intial ramps. Did lots of debugging for multiple projects based on this data. Also got to see very interesting insights on what all goes when we try to launch any change to checkout pages which takes in so much traffic and are so important.
- Team Management: Led FE team for multiple feature building
- Incident Management: Did RTB (Run the business) effort in 3 months cycles.
  - Monitoring more than 10 services including Java BE/API Gateways/Routing services/NextJS Services
  - Triaging P0 issues in high pressure environments involving multiple components for high impact user flows
  - Learnt and used monitoring and debugging systems including PayPal internal systems and standard tools and services like Grafana/Kibana/cal/UI Monitoring via RUM
- Microservice Architecture
  - Worked in an environment where a single feature spans across 10s of services spanning accross multiple teams
- Java/Spring
  - Started working on Spring Boot based BE systems. Learnt new technologies around this and contributed to feature development and maintainence
- Design Systems
  - Led the effort for Subscription tech stack migration. This involved understanding current system design and proposing the new system design using the new tech stack. Getting architecture/security/analytics/product review and signoff
    - Understood plantUML
    - Learnt how to think about things at high level and low level
    - Learnt how to create and present effective design docs
- Presentation/Demo skills: Gave multiple demos in meetings sometime reching over 50 participants

## Career Highlights
- Independently found and fixed a major performance issue which reduced tha fcp time of the RYP page in billing checkout by 600ms. I got to present this to the SVP of merchant org in a leadership meeting.
- Led a team of 5 engineers to integrate a new custom built framework to track user interactions in billing and subscription products
- Led subscription migration for both BE and FE. Worked with Lead architect and worked on all stages of system migration.
